Lore/beginning.md, before:

## In the Beginning...
...there was nothing; and then, there was something.

Four gods, there were four gods. Let's call them the <ins>**Four Lords**</ins>.

The first one, we'll call the **Lord of Stone**. He will be the god of physicality. He will determine damage, and the physical state of something. He gives others a body, a body to be used as a shell for what is to come. 

His name is <ins>**Maht**</ins>.

The second one, we'll call the **Lord of Salt**. He will be the god of life, and of death. He will determine who, and what is alive, and who is not. He gives others a life, a life to be lived. 

His name is <ins>**Kuolev**</ins>.

The third one, we'll call the **Lord of Clay**. He will be the god of the mind. He will determine the ability of others to think, feel, and act. He gives others a mind, a mind to be molded by experience. 

His name is <ins>**T'unn**</ins>.

The fourth, and final one, we'll call the **Lady of Metal**. She will be the goddess of order. She will determine what things are able to do. She gives others a purpose; she influences them, and nudges them to a greater goal.

Her name is <ins>**Y'hita**</ins>.

---

## The Creation
Now; within this something, the world was made.

**Maht** formed the earth. He molded the land and water into the shapes that exist today. And within and from the materials of the world, he formed the first vessels.

**Kuolev** then breathed life into the vessels. He created the first animals, plants, and humans from them.

**T'unn** took these now living beings, and gave them a mind. These beings then began to roamed. They dispersed themselves everywhere, roaming without interest or purpose.

But **Y'hita**, she gave them a reason. She gave them their purpose, *the* purpose. Plants would grow, and spread, and die, and grow again. Animals would eat these plants, and grow, and spread, and be eaten, and die.

But humans; humans would be given a true, and ultimate purpose. To dominate the lands, the animals, and the plants; and devote their lives to the gods, the **Four Lords**.

Commit message:

better idea
instead of relating gods to a material they are just related to their magics

Lore/beginning.md, after:

## In the Beginning...
...there was nothing; and then, there was something.

Four gods, there were four gods. Let's call them the <ins>**Four Lords**</ins>.

The first one, we'll call the **Lord of the Physcial Magics**. He will be the god of physicality. He will determine damage, and the physical state of something. He gives others a body, a body to be used as a shell for what is to come. 

His name is <ins>**Maht**</ins>.

The second one, we'll call the **Lord of Deathly Magics**. He will be the god of life, and of death. He will determine who, and what is alive, and who is not. He gives others a life, a life to be lived. 

His name is <ins>**Kuolev**</ins>.

The third one, we'll call the **Lord of the Emotional Magics**. He will be the god of the mind. He will determine the ability of others to think, feel, and act. He gives others a mind, a mind to be molded by experience. 

His name is <ins>**T'unn**</ins>.

The fourth, and final one, we'll call the **Lady of the Orderly Magics**. She will be the goddess of order. She will determine what things are able to do. She gives others a purpose; she influences them, and nudges them to a greater goal.

Her name is <ins>**Y'hita**</ins>.

---

## The Creation
Now; within this something, the world was made.

**Maht** formed the earth. He molded the land and water into the shapes that exist today. And within and from the materials of the world, he formed the first vessels.

**Kuolev** then breathed life into the vessels. He created the first animals, plants, and humans from them.

**T'unn** took these now living beings, and gave them a mind. These beings then began to roamed. They dispersed themselves everywhere, roaming without interest or purpose.

But **Y'hita**, she gave them a reason. She gave them their purpose, *the* purpose. Plants would grow, and spread, and die, and grow again. Animals would eat these plants, and grow, and spread, and be eaten, and die.

But humans; humans would be given a true, and ultimate purpose. To dominate the lands, the animals, and the plants; and devote their lives to the gods, the **Four Lords**.
